RUMM-192 Write tracing documentation (#127)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/trace_collection.md

                        .build()
        Datadog.initialize(this, config)
    }
}
```

    {{% /tab %}}
    {{% tab "EU" %}}

```kotlin
class SampleApplication : Application() {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

        val config = DatadogConfig.Builder(BuildConfig.DD_CLIENT_TOKEN)
                        .useEUEndpoints()
                        .build()
        Datadog.initialize(this, config)
    }
}
```

    {{% /tab %}}
    {{< /tabs >}}

3. Configure and register the Android Tracer. You only need to do it once, usually in your application's `onCreate()` method:

    ```kotlin
    val tracer = Tracer.Builder()
        .setServiceName("<SERVICE_NAME>")
        .build()
    GlobalTracer.registerIfAbsent(tracer)
    ```

4. Start a custom span using the following method:

    ```kotlin
    val tracer = GlobalTracer.get()
    val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME>").start()
    // Do something ...
    // ...
    // Then when the span should be closed
    span.finish()
    ```

5. (Optional) - Provide additional tags alongside your span. 

    ```kotlin
    span.setTag("http.url", url)
    ```
   
## Integrations

> In addition to manual tracing, the `dd-sdk-android` library provides the following integrations.

Reviewer: For now there is only one.

```suggestion
In addition to manual tracing, the `dd-sdk-android` library provides the following integration.
```

### OkHttp

If you want to trace your OkHttp requests, you can add the provided [Interceptor][6] as follow:
 

>     ```kotlin

Reviewer: no need to indent the code block here since we are not in a bullet list

    OkHttpClient client = new OkHttpClient.Builder()
        .addInterceptor(new TracingInterceptor())
        .build();
    ```

> This will create a span around each request this OkHttpClient process, with all the relevant information automatically filled (url, method, status code, error), and will propagate the tracing information to your backend to get a unified trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This creates a span around each request processed by the OkHttpClient process, with all the relevant information automatically filled (url, method, status code, error), and propagates the tracing information to your backend to get a unified trace within Datadog.
```

> **Note**: If you use multiple Interceptors, make sure that this one is called first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you use multiple Interceptors, this one must be called first.
```

# Android Trace Collection

Send [traces][1] to Datadog from your Android applications with [Datadog's `dd-sdk-android` client-side tracing library][2] and leverage the following features:

* Create custom [spans][3] for operations in your application.
* Add `context` and extra custom attributes to each span sent.
* Optimized network usage with automatic bulk posts. 

**Note**: Traces are available in the `dd-sdk-android` library version `1.4.0` or higher. The `dd-sdk-android` library supports all Android versions from API level 19 (Kit-Kat).

## Setup

1. Add the Gradle dependency by declaring the library as a dependency in your `build.gradle` file:

    ```conf
    repositories {
        maven { url "https://dl.bintray.com/datadog/datadog-maven" }
    }

    dependencies {

>         implementation "com.datadoghq:dd-sdk-android:x.x.x"

Reviewer 2: Should we mention here about the conflict with the "guava:listenablefuture" module ?

Author: Good call !

    }
    ```

2. Initialize the library with your application context and your [Datadog client token][4]. For security reasons, you must use a client token: you cannot use [Datadog API keys][5] to configure the `dd-sdk-android` library as they would be exposed client-side in the Android application APK byte code. For more information about setting up a client token, see the [client token documentation][4]:

    {{< tabs >}}
    {{% tab "US" %}}

```kotlin
class SampleApplication : Application() {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

        val config = DatadogConfig.Builder(BuildConfig.DD_CLIENT_TOKEN)
                        .build()
        Datadog.initialize(this, config)
    }
}
```

    {{% /tab %}}
    {{% tab "EU" %}}

```kotlin
class SampleApplication : Application() {
    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()

        val config = DatadogConfig.Builder(BuildConfig.DD_CLIENT_TOKEN)
                        .useEUEndpoints()
                        .build()
        Datadog.initialize(this, config)
    }
}
```

    {{% /tab %}}
    {{< /tabs >}}

> 3. Configure and register the Android Tracer (you only need to do it once, usually in your application's `onCreate()` method:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. Configure and register the Android Tracer. You only need to do it once, usually in your application's `onCreate()` method:
```

    ```kotlin
    val tracer = Tracer.Builder()
        .setServiceName("<SERVICE_NAME>")
        .build()
    GlobalTracer.registerIfAbsent(tracer)
    ```

> 4. Start a custom span usuing the following method :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Start a custom span using the following method :
```

    ```kotlin
    val tracer = GlobalTracer.get()
    val span = tracer.buildSpan("<SPAN_NAME>").start()

>     // Do something …

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // Do something ...
```

>     // …

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    // ...
```
